id: 1
firstName: a
lastName: a
dateOfBirth: 15.10.1985
subjects:
id: 1
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Mathematics
id: 2
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Physics
id: 3
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Chemistry
schedule:
id: 2
date: 10.11.2024
groupSubjectId: 2
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Physics
groupId: 1
groupName: Group 1
hours: 120
id: 1
date: 11.11.2024
groupSubjectId: 1
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Mathematics
groupId: 1
groupName: Group 1
hours: 120
evaluation:
id: 1
groupId: 1
groupName: Group 1
date: 11.11.2024
formOfControl: attestation
groupSubjectId: 1
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Mathematics
hours: 120
id: 2
groupId: 1
groupName: Group 1
date: 10.11.2024
formOfControl: attestation
groupSubjectId: 2
professorId: 1
professorFirstName: a
professorLastName: a
subjectName: Physics
hours: 120
